# Jobinator3000
<h3> A simple job tracking app, utilizing TKinter for UI and Pandas for data manipulation.</h3>

---

<b>Current Features:</b>
<ul>
<li><b>Adding Companies</b></li>
  <ul><li>Takes company name as input and adds name to dataframe, along with autogenerated date (mm/dd) and status (default U (unknown)).</li></ul>
<li><b>Checking Companies</b></li>
  <ul><li>Takes company name as input and checks if it exists in dataframe. Returns most recent entry of that company in dataframe.</li></ul>
<li><b>Creating Data Backup</b></li>
  <ul><li>Creates a copy of the input data csv file and stores in the "backup" folder.</li></ul>
</ul>

---

<b>Features To Add (in order of feasibility):</b>
<ol>
<li>Updating Company Status (from default "U" to "A" (accepted) or "R" (rejected).</li>
<li>Add config File for Easier Editing of Major Values (i.e. csv data file location/name, backup location, etc.).</li>
<li>Making The Whole UI Look Prettier (custom buttons, aesthetically pleasing reorganization).</li>
<li>Autocomplete Functionality on Every Text Input Field.</li>
</ol>

---

<b>Project Files</b>
<ul>
<li><b>jobhunt.pyw</b>: main application</li>
<li><b>classes</b></li>
<ul><li><b>extrawidgets.py</b>: contains all of the classes used for the various widgets in jobhunt.pyw.</li></ul>
<li><b>data</b></li>
<ul><li><b>data.csv</b>: contains the csv form of the company data used in jobhunt.pyw (Columns: Date // Company // Status).</li></ul>
<li><b>backupdata</b></li>
<ul><li><b>backup.csv</b>: contains backup of ../data/data.csv, created by jobhunt.pyw when respective button is pressed in jobhunt.pyw.</li></ul>
</ul>
